Update to docusaurus 3 and change versions shown to only the last three minor versions (#1472)
hyperledger/besu-docs: README.md

If you're looking for the software source code, go to the [Besu software repository](https://github.com/hyperledger/besu).

> ### Viewing older versions of docs 
> 
> See the [versions section in the Hyperledger Besu wiki](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/BESU/Versions+of+docs+and+how+to+host+previous+versions)
> for information about viewing and hosting older versions of the documentation on your own infrastructure
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### View older doc versions

See the Hyperledger Besu wiki for information about [viewing and hosting older versions of the documentation](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/BESU/View+older+documentation+versions) on your own infrastructure.

```
